Adds MetadataHash calculation on Build to Kusama People chain (#371)
polkadot-fellows/runtimes: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- Kusama People: clear requested judgements that do not have corresponding deposits reserved ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#339](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/339))

> - Kusama People: adds the calculation of the MetadataHash upon build to be used on CheckMetadata SignedExtension ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#371](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/371))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kusama People: Build the metadata has at build time, so that `CheckMetadata` can use it at runtime ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#371](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/371))
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, I'll change it shortly. Now this will be moved back to 1.2.6 or should it be part of 1.2.7's CHANGELOG?

Reviewer: Should be part of the `Unreleased` section only.

Author: Yeah added that on my last commit, Joe pointed me on that direction too. Thanks!

### Fixed

- Kusama People: clear requested judgements that do not have corresponding deposits reserved ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#339](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/339))

> - Kusama People: adds the calculation of the MetadataHash upon build to be used on CheckMetadata SignedExtension ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#371](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/371))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
